testing/testing.md, before:

## Testing

### MANUAL TESTING


### Full Testing

Full testing was performed on the following devices:

* Laptop:
  * Macbook Air 13-inch
* Mobile Devices:
  * iPhone 16.
  * iPhone 15 (Pro).
  * Pixel 10 Pro

Each device tested the site using the following browsers:

* Google Chrome
* Safari
* Firefox

Additional testing was taken by friends and family on a variety of devices and screen sizes. They reported no issues when playing.


| Feature | Expected Outcome | Testing Performed | Result | Pass/Fail |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |


### Code Validation:

#### W3C HTML Validator
index.html:

<img width="860" height="851" alt="Nu Html Checker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87f4a7ad-d9a2-4b0b-98c1-449ea3381a62" />

#### W3C CSS Validator results
Style.css

<img width="1718" height="713" alt="W3C CSS Validator" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1029a909-c723-4946-a142-d4adaabe9c23" />

#### Esprima Syntax Validator - JS

<img width="832" height="518" alt="Esprima Syntax Validator" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88daa09b-59e0-4517-94d5-3e728f650128" />


### PageSpeed Insights:

#### Report for Home page - Desktop

<img width="661" height="789" alt="PageSpeed Insight - Desktop" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c3e43e8a-943a-4463-85f6-ba2926610449" />


#### Report for Home page - Mobile 

<img width="661" height="789" alt="PageSpeed Insight - Mobile" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a63398c3-4231-406a-80e4-7a0b6e12b480" />



The main page achieved high scores in Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices and SEO, on both desktop and mobile displays.

### Browser Compatibility

The website has been tested in multiple browsers, including Google Chrome, Brave, Firefox and Microsoft Edge, all of which were compatible with the site. The website was also tested on Google Chrome and Safari on mobile devices, also seeing no issues.


### Issues Resolved


![Issues - Image 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf71862b-052a-47c7-a0f1-182f694ed7c8)


![Issues - Image 2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b8e7f166-cd6a-4c3c-9245-2c8ec17417ea)


![Issues Image 3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e5fb94d-380c-4d8f-8eab-6b8557232466)

Commit message:

Details added in the testing section for manual tests conducted.

testing/testing.md, after:

## Testing

### Manual Testing - User Experience 


### Full Testing

Full testing was performed on the following devices:

* Laptop:
  * Macbook Air 13-inch
* Mobile Devices:
  * iPhone 16.
  * iPhone 15 (Pro).
  * Pixel 10 Pro

Each device tested the site using the following browsers:

* Google Chrome
* Safari
* Firefox

Additional testing was taken by friends and family on a variety of devices and screen sizes. They reported no issues when playing.


| Feature | Expected Outcome | Testing Performed | Result | Pass/Fail |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| The Sites title | Link directs the user back to the home page | Clicked title | Home page reloads | Pass |
| Quote appears straightaway | Quote should be visible straightaway | Loaded the app | Quote was visible | Pass |
| New quote button responsive | The colour should become darker | Hover on the button | Button colour changed darker | Pass |
| Author name appears correctly | Author name should be visible on the right hand bottom corner | Clicked on button for new quote | Author name appears correctly | Pass |
| "Favorite this quote" button responsive | The botton border should highlight | Hover on button | Image borders turns golden | Pass |
| Theme toggle button responsive | The button should show image of day or dark mode | Clicked on the button | The botton image changes accordingly | Pass |
| Favorite button responsive | The button colour should change one clicked | Clicked on button to add quote to favorite | Color changes when added or removed quote from favorite | Pass |










### Automatic Testing - Code Validation:

#### W3C HTML Validator

<img width="860" height="851" alt="Nu Html Checker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87f4a7ad-d9a2-4b0b-98c1-449ea3381a62" />

#### W3C CSS Validator results

<img width="1718" height="713" alt="W3C CSS Validator" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1029a909-c723-4946-a142-d4adaabe9c23" />

#### Esprima Syntax Validator - JS

<img width="832" height="518" alt="Esprima Syntax Validator" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88daa09b-59e0-4517-94d5-3e728f650128" />

### PageSpeed Insights:

#### Report for Home page - Desktop

<img width="661" height="789" alt="PageSpeed Insight - Desktop" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c3e43e8a-943a-4463-85f6-ba2926610449" />

#### Report for Home page - Mobile 

<img width="661" height="789" alt="PageSpeed Insight - Mobile" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a63398c3-4231-406a-80e4-7a0b6e12b480" />

The main page achieved high scores in Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices and SEO, on both desktop and mobile displays.

### Browser Compatibility

The website has been tested in multiple browsers, including Google Chrome, Brave, Firefox and Microsoft Edge, all of which were compatible with the site. The website was also tested on Google Chrome and Safari on mobile devices, also seeing no issues.


### Issues Resolved


![Issues - Image 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf71862b-052a-47c7-a0f1-182f694ed7c8)


![Issues - Image 2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b8e7f166-cd6a-4c3c-9245-2c8ec17417ea)


![Issues Image 3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e5fb94d-380c-4d8f-8eab-6b8557232466)
